hi folks welcome to another stall 13
comm video we're here at Red Dog hound
and pet supply in Tulsa Oklahoma and
want to talk about grain free dog foods
because every type of dog food has some
type of grain corn oats wheat bran those
are bad but some of the healthier dog
foods do have wild rice brown rice they
are technically green but they are
digestible for a dog but there is a new
thought of getting away from even rice
and dog foods and there's what's called
natural types of dog foods that are
literally grain free don't even have
rice in them you know one thing about
red dog pound and pet supply is it's a
huge store there is nothing processed
there's nothing unnatural there is
literally nothing bad in the store
whether it's a dog bone dog treat cat
treat cat food dog food everything in
this store is healthy holistic organic
and natural check this out
Rose a rose of canned dog food cat food
all kinds of things there's so many dog
treats and snacks behind me as we go
over this way you can just see that
walls of collars the bags of food the
store is humongous and they will ship
mail UPS FedEx whatever you want they
make dog tags collars all kinds of
things that are good for your farm and
ranch dogs good for your barn cats but
you know there are some dog foods out
there I use them on Ranger fortunately
for me Ranger is only six years old I
haven't made any mistakes with her she's
an 85-pound chocolate Labrador Retriever
and people all the time say why is your
dog so healthy and I say well I don't
feed bad food I don't feed crappy dog
food they say well what's crappy well if
you're buying it unless you know what
buying and you really take an
opportunity to read what's on what's in
a dog food it may be bad there are some
soft foods and I think Ranger one of
them that's Rangers on right now is this
a lot of you may not have heard it well
taste of the wild comes in many flavors
look at this right here you may not even
have heard of this food in huge letters
right on the bag
grain free dog food what does that mean
100% gluten-free dogs can't digest
gluten by the way neither can horses the
United States of America sourced beef
meal chicken meal pork meal guaranteed
levels of omega-3 you hear that all the
time fish oils talking about how we
needed so do dogs cats and horses
vitamin E yeast selenium this wood even
has probiotics in it we talk about
probiotics all the time on the show
fast track by the way you may not be
aware of this but you can get a fast
track to your dog and to your cap fast
tracks are great probiotics this one
happens to have a minute you know red
dog hound and pet supply it's also for
home it's been in business for many many
years and they've got high quality
products that's why they're on the show
do you really think I'd have somebody on
the show talking about products unless
it was a real deal
no folks you know I don't know very many
people that have horses that don't have
dogs and if you got a part
you got barn counts you don't have to
spend a lot of money on them that's not
the point the point is is taken care of
them because believe it or not if your
barn cats are unhealthy if your dogs are
unhealthy they can actually make it so
that your horses
might be unhealthy it all ties in
together folks this has been another
stall thirteen com video take care of
yourselves
your
forces your dogs and your cats